ref(stats): Update rate limited reasons (#10947)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/stats/index.mdx

### Rate Limited
Events and attachments discarded due to rate limits or quota. The following reasons are currently defined:

> - **Disabled**: A particular feature or function is turned off or not operational.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Disabled**:  Data was received for a feature or function that is currently turned off or not operational.
```

- **DSN Limit**: Traffic exceeded a rate limit defined on the client key (DSN). See [Rate Limits](/pricing/quotas/#rate-limits) for more information.

> - **Global Limit**: This is an old setting available to some orgs to configure rate limits on organization and project level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Global Limit**: Traffic exceeded an organization-wider or project-wide rate limit. This setting is no longer available to most organizations.
- ```
